Generic-Webhook-integration-improvements--CRTX-124573 (#39681)
demisto/content: Packs/GenericWebhook/Integrations/GenericWebhook/README.md

> The Generic Webhook integration enables you to push events to Cortex XSOAR or Cortex XSIAM. The Generic Webhook integration can be used when there is no relevant integration, when the integration does not match your organization’s needs, when there are restrictions on pulling information from the third-party solution, or when the triggering source is not an event that can be fetched by Cortex XSOAR or Cortex XSIAM, such as a slack message or a completed form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Generic Webhook integration enables you to push events to Cortex XSOAR or Cortex XSIAM. The Generic Webhook integration can be used when there is no relevant integration, when the integration does not match your organization’s needs, when there are restrictions on pulling information from the third-party solution, or when the triggering source is not an event that can be fetched by Cortex XSOAR/XSIAM, such as a slack message or a completed form.
```

> Example: Your organization’s employees fill out a Google form to report security incidents. Employees specify the type of incident in a drop-down field with predefined options, the Generic Webhook integration pushes the event into Cortex XSOAR or Cortex XSIAM, and a playbook runs. The incident type and the specific playbook is determined by the incident type field in the drop-down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: Your organization’s employees fill out a Google form to report security incidents. Employees specify the type of incident in a drop-down field with predefined options. The Generic Webhook integration pushes the event into Cortex XSOAR/XSIAM, and a playbook runs. The incident type and the specific playbook are determined by the incident type field in the drop-down.
```

The Generic Webhook integration creates incidents in Cortex XSOAR, alerts in Cortex XSIAM 2.x or issues in Cortex XSIAM 3.x. The trigger can be any query posted to the integration.

> The Generic Webhook integration is a long-running integration. For more information about long-running integrations, see the [Cortex XSOAR 8 Cloud](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/8/Cortex-XSOAR-Cloud-Documentation/Forward-Requests-to-Long-Running-Integrations), [Cortex XSOAR 8 On-prem](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/8.9/Cortex-XSOAR-On-prem-Documentation/Integration-commands-in-the-CLI) or [Cortex XSIAM](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Premium-Documentation/Forward-Requests-to-Long-Running-Integrations) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Generic Webhook integration is a long-running integration. For more information about long-running integrations, see the [Cortex XSOAR 8 Cloud](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/8/Cortex-XSOAR-Cloud-Documentation/Forward-Requests-to-Long-Running-Integrations), [Cortex XSOAR 8 On-prem](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/8.10/Cortex-XSOAR-On-prem-Documentation/Forward-requests-to-long-running-integrations) or [Cortex XSIAM](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Premium-Documentation/Forward-Requests-to-Long-Running-Integrations) documentation.
```

To use the Generic Webhook integration, you need to complete the following steps:

> 1. Configure Generic Webhook in Cortex XSOAR or Cortex XSIAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure Generic Webhook in Cortex XSOAR/XSIAM.
```

2. Click **Done**.
3. For Cortex XSOAR 6.x:
     1. Navigate to  **Settings > About > Troubleshooting**.
     2. In the **Server Configuration** section, verify that the value for the ***instance.execute.external.\<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME\>*** key is set to *true*. If this key does not exist, click **+ Add Server Configuration** and add *instance.execute.external.\<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME\>* and set the value to *true*. See the following [reference article](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/articles/long-running-invoke) for further information.

## Set up Authentication

Authentication options depend on the product and version.

| **Product** | **Authentication required** | **Authentication options** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Cortex XSOAR 8 Cloud tenant | Yes                          | - Basic authentication (username and password) <br><br> - Header-based authentication (encoded username and password)  |
| Cortex XSIAM tenant | Yes  | - Basic authentication (username and password) <br><br> - Header-based authentication (encoded username and password) |

> | Cortex XSOAR 8 On-prem | No | - Basic authentication (username and password) <br><br> - Header-based authentication (encoded username and password) <br><br> - Custom certificate <br> **NOTE**: For more information about setting up custom certificates for Cortex XSOAR 8 On-prem, see [HTTPS with a signed certificate](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/8.9/Cortex-XSOAR-On-prem-Documentation/HTTPS-with-a-signed-certificate). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cortex XSOAR 8 On-prem | No | - Basic authentication (username and password) <br><br> - Header-based authentication (encoded username and password) <br><br> - Custom certificate <br> **NOTE**: For more information about setting up custom certificates for Cortex XSOAR 8 On-prem, see [HTTPS with a signed certificate](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSOAR/8.10/Cortex-XSOAR-On-prem-Documentation/HTTPS-with-a-signed-certificate). |
```

| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Listen Port<br><br>Note: this field will not appear in Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM unless using an custom engine | Runs the service on this port from within Cortex XSOAR. Requires a unique port for each long-running integration instance. Do not use the same port for multiple instances. <br>Note: If you click the test button more than once, a failure may occur mistakenly indicating that the port is already in use.                           | True - unless using a custom engine (in Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM only). |

Reviewer 2: Listen Port<br><br>Note: this field will not appear in Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM unless using a custom engine.
